README.md, before:

# tbf
Finds VOD playlists on Twitch.

## How to install

```cargo install --git https://github.com/vyneer/tbf```

## Subcommands

### None

```tbf```

Will ask you what mode you want and proceed from there.

### exact

```tbf exact [FLAGS] <username> <id> <stamp>```

```tbf exact destiny 39700667438 1605781794```

Combines all the parts (streamer's username, VOD/broadcast ID and a timestamp) into a proper m3u8 URL and checks whether the VOD is available.

### bruteforce

```tbf bruteforce [FLAGS] <username> <id> <from> <to>```

```tbf bruteforce destiny 39700667438 1605781694 1605781894```

Goes over a range of timestamps, looking for a usable/working m3u8 URL and checks whether the VOD is available.

### clipforce

```tbf clipforce [FLAGS] <id> <start> <end>```

```tbf clipforce 39700667438 0 3600```

Goes over a range of timestamps, looking for clips in a VOD.

### link

```tbf link [FLAGS] <url>```

```tbf link https://twitchtracker.com/destiny/streams/41402441870```

The same as the Exact mode, but gets all the info from a TwitchTracker URL.

### clip

```tbf clip [FLAGS] <slug>```

```tbf clip SmokyHomelyIguanaAllenHuhu```

Gets the m3u8 from a clip with TwitchTracker's help.

## Flags

### -h, --help

Prints help information.

### -v, --verbose

Self-explainatory.

### -p, --progressbar [only for bruteforce and clipforce] 

Enables a progress bar (which *might* slow stuff down according to [this](https://github.com/mitsuhiko/indicatif/issues/170))

Commit message:

feat: add an option to import custom cdn urls feat: availability check is now multithreaded refactor: split code into modules chore: update deps

README.md, after:

# tbf
Finds VOD playlists on Twitch.

![Showcase](showcase.gif)

## How to install

```cargo install --git https://github.com/vyneer/tbf```

or download the latest binary from the [Releases](https://github.com/vyneer/tbf/releases) page

## Subcommands

### None

```tbf```

Will ask you what mode you want and proceed from there.

### exact

```tbf exact [FLAGS] <username> <id> <stamp>```

```tbf exact destiny 39700667438 1605781794```

Combine all the parts (streamer's username, VOD/broadcast ID and a timestamp) into a proper m3u8 URL and check whether the VOD is available.

### bruteforce

```tbf bruteforce [FLAGS] <username> <id> <from> <to>```

```tbf bruteforce destiny 39700667438 1605781694 1605781894```

Go over a range of timestamps, looking for a usable/working m3u8 URL, and check whether the VOD is available.

### clipforce

```tbf clipforce [FLAGS] <id> <start> <end>```

```tbf clipforce 39700667438 0 3600```

Go over a range of timestamps, looking for clips in a VOD.

### link

```tbf link [FLAGS] <url>```

```tbf link https://twitchtracker.com/destiny/streams/41402441870```

Get the m3u8 from a TwitchTracker URL.

### clip

```tbf clip [FLAGS] <slug>```

```tbf clip SmokyHomelyIguanaAllenHuhu```

Get the m3u8 from a clip using TwitchTracker.

## Flags

### -c, --cdnfile 

Import more CDN urls via a config file (TXT/JSON/YAML/TOML).

### -h, --help

Print help information.

### -s, --simple

Provide minimal output.

### -v, --verbose

Show more info.

### -p, --progressbar

Enable a progress bar (which *might* slow stuff down according to [this](https://github.com/mitsuhiko/indicatif/issues/170))
